Phitsanulok
    was destroyed by fire in 1955
    There is a factory that produces buddha images, and people can walk in the production line
    Wat Phra Si Rattana Mahathat means the Temple of the Great Jeweled Reliquary. It is also known as Wat Yai, which also means Big Temple
    The Buddha image, Phra Phuttha Chinnarat, is quite famous here and is considered to be the most beautiful image in the country.
    The Sergeant Major Thawee Folk Museum has fascinating displays of a remarkable collection of tools from Phitsanulok Province. There are also textiles and photographs from Phitsanulok province. The entire museum is divided into five very traditional Thai style buildings, surrounded by beautiful gardens. There is also a traditional Thai kitchen here, for people interested in cooking Thai food! The Sergeant Major Thawee Folk Museum also has an aquarium, with native fish on display.
    One of the most popular public parks in the heart of Phitsanulok, Chom Nan Chaloem Phrakiat Public Park hosts several festivals and exhibitions throughout the year. One of them is the famous Loy Krathong New Year Festival which celebrates the tradition of making decorated baskets which are later floated on a river. The park has several attractions for tourists and is on the bucket list of every Phitsanulok visitor.

Phetchabun

Lomsak

Chumpae

Chaiyaphum

Buriram
Car Racing Track: Chang International Circuit
    One can get tickets for 150 Bahts
Volcano not far
Old Khmer temple down south

Nakhon Pathom
There is there a factory that creates degradable plastic replacants.

Isan language:
In Isan
    kr/kl -> k, tr->t, pr/pl->p (pleng -> peng)
    ch/sh->s (chaan -> saan)
    y -> gn (puying -> pugning)

In Chiang Mai, for instance, each year the local people hold a tradition wherein two mountain spirits possess two human mediums, who in turn devour a raw buffalo and drink its blood, before surrendering to the Buddha and agreeing to help the city with cool breezes and clean water.

General
Thailand is one of the five countries that generate more plastic than the rest of the world.
Thailand is home to many, many animals. About a tenth of all of the animal species on the planet call Thailand home, and a tenth of all bird species. To put that into perspective, Thailand has more birds than Europe and America combined!
 People associate elephants with Thailand. There are more than 5,000 found there (though more than half are domesticated). Over a hundred years ago, though, there used to be about 100,000 with about one fifth of them wild.
  There are about 35,000 temples in Thailand. Thailand is truly a land of temples. Visiting them requires modest clothing, meaning no shorts or sleeveless shirts.

10. Showing respect for another person’s head is imperative in Thailand. The head is considered to be the most important part of the body, and so Thai culture forbids touching anyone on the head (even a child). Should you meet someone who is older or more important than you, it is best to lower your head in deference to show proper respect.
Thailand has many flags. If you’re observant, you’ll notice the national flag of Thailand being raised at 8 a.m. each morning, and lowered at 6 p.m. There are also many other flags called the “Royal Flags” which are flown along with the national flag to honor the monarchy. You will only see the Royal Flags in Thailand, but they are a common sight.
Like the heat? Bangkok, Thailand was named the world’s hottest city! Be sure to come prepared when you visit, and stay hydrated.
Have you ever been to a festival for monkeys? The annual Monkey Buffet is held in front of the Pra Prang Sam Yot temple Lopburi province. The local residents see it as a way of thanking the monkeys for bringing thousands of tourists to the village to see these monkeys that live there. It’s no small buffet: two tons of meat, fruit, ice cream, and other treats make up this feast.
People often marvel at the forests and jungles of Thailand, but there used to be more. What most people don’t realize is that over one hundred years ago, nearly all of northern Thailand was covered in hardwood forest. Today, about a quarter of that forest is left. Only Singapore has lost more trees. For this reason, logging is completely banned in Thailand.


Surin:
Elephant festival
    There is also a save the elephants project for ecotourists
Learn about silk at the Queen Sirikit Sericulture Centre