Computer:
In the learner's room and in inns.
Let the learner access his collection, see sentences, etc.

Festival of tones:
    North of Chumphae is the tone festival.
    There, five teams are competing to build the highest tower.
    Each tower is composed of Thai syllables that have one of the five tones.


    Grey team: MID Tone
            คุณ, ไทย, คน (, กิน)
        They have the highest number of words maybe?
        Others say they are boring.
        They like what is easy.
        Monks as well root for the middle way.


    Red team: FALLING
            ชอบ, บ้าน, ไม่ (, ค่ะ)
        They love war and aggression, fierce and fiery - but also seduction.


    Black team: LOW
            อยาก, อยู่
        They are negative/sad, or evil. Necromancers and warlocks.


    Green team: RISING
            ฉัน, ผม, ไหม, ของ, เขา
        Hippies, young people. Like when things grow.


    White team: HIGH
            ครับ, น้ำ
        They are pretentious, rich, polite, pure, despise the player.


    They give the player money when the players give them new words.
    The player has to chose the word to give, and then it has to be a correct tone.
    They start with some words they already now (the 5 or so words the player learned already!)

Inns:
    Pay 150 Bahts (up to 250 in Bangkok) to use the bed.
    Has lots of travellers
    Contains a Map
    Has a PC

Jobs/tasks:
You can work jobs in cities to earn money
For example:
    Calculation in thai
    English teaching
    Clean the plastic bags on the side of the road
    Do shopping for old ladies (they ask for a random set of object every day)

Shops:
Lets you buy:
    medicine: restore the learner's hp by a small number
    memory: gives 1 xp to a word
    Remember-pills: during a battle, can be used to show the learning card of the word
    Random items that you need for quests.

Swimming:
A swimming teacher in Phitsalunok will teach you how to swim.
The first teacher teaches you how to swim up to one pixel.
Then two, and so on.
It gets increasingly more expensive.

Fruit tree:
    each day, gives one berry
    a berry heals you 1 hp

Teacher:
Each teacher can be fought, and will have three questions about their word.
They yield no money, but yield double the XP.
They have a '!' when they have a word to teach you.

If the learner is accompanied by a friend, the tests get easier:
    In sentence tests, the learner and the companion take turns, and half of the words are filled by the companion

Cool Concepts:
Words get XP
Words are linked to specific persons
Words are grouped by area
Mems
Tests:
    Use of grammar
    Sentence with holes, if the learner is accompanied by a friend
    Show the errors when failed test
    Tone test
Boss battle
