Level up types:
Each time a word is answered correctly, it gains 1 xp.
Each time a word is answered wrongly, it loses 1 xp

Issue:
Idea 1:
    - You could use the hints to guess.
        - The hint shows the identity of the aggressor, and must be then closed to return to the word.
        - A word gets no XP if it isn't learnt properly first.
Could there be a way to trigger a learning battle?
    - Yes, that could be taught to the player later on.
    When fighting an unknown word, you could throw a ball if you feel confident that you know the word,
    And you have to go through the 6 learning screens without a mistake. If you fail, the word goes away.
    If you succeed, you see the proper presentation screen, and the word is added to the dex.

When the player is in a map, We would show somewhere all the items that can show up in that map
    Hence, the player will know if he caught all there is to catch!

How does this relate to the spaced repetition?
    Words show up more often if they haven't been seen lately

Space repetition: each day, all words lose a penalty of 4 XP
    Each time you get a word correct (after you have caught a word) the penalty is divided by two
    The penalty cannot be divided more than once a day though
    If the word is gotten wrong, the penalty min(is multiplied by 16, goes back to 4XP)

What about sentences then?
    If the player has learned all the words of a sentence, that sentence becomes available

A road usually has words learnt in the last city, plus 2/3 new words that
can be learnt in the houses on the road.

I feel like it's all learning and not enough review.
Will it be fun to go back to places to review words? Because it would be
hard to put the words on the road all the time.
    - Well, some roads could have like 20 different words
        - Also, fights would be 80% sentences, so you see other words
    - Also Yes, it's ok to go back to places and learn the word again
    - Also, the words must be known in order to go to the next city
        - You must win the gym to leave the city.
        - The gym asks about the words in the city, but also on prior words
    - It's sad to have words die!
    - There's a big counter on the screen that shows how many words you know (know = xp>5)

As such, most cities should be teaching:
    - One grammar rule
    - 4-6 words
Roads:
    - 1-2 words
Special places (that teach specific vocabulary):
    - 4-8 words

How to deal with special places?
Let's say you teach the numbers, or the colors?
They are not needed in the rest of the adventures, although they appear in other sentences
That way, you can ignore them if you're not interested

Let's try to have some challenging places and paths.
Like, it's real hard to power through a path or something, and it's relieving to see an inn
    at the end of the screen.
Let's try to provide some choice in the path you take.

The story:
    How to explain you leave for an adventure to retrieve all the thai words?

    Idea 1:
        Words are magic, and hold the essence of things, or something like that.
        People are only able to teach their favorite word.
        Trainers are like magic apprentices or something.
