The world is a bit magic, and Player has a tablet that allows to do magic
For example, the reason there are no cars is because with magic you can warp to a place you've already visited.
And in given instances, using a specific word has a specific action


The story has the following main characters:
    Player
    Lover - Som
        Can be a boy or girl
        Lover's parents work at the dam
        Lives with grandparents.
        Is about to go on an adventure as well.
    Sibling - Bird
        the player's brother or sister, according to their choice.
        Gives objects to the player.
        Goes on an adventure as well.
    Enemy - Book
        Zucko style
        Gets his naga stolen by Player


Chaiyaphum
    Player starts with one heart, and then gets one from the family as a parting gift, and one from Lover.
    Lover teaches chop, and then goes to Chumphae
        Why? just to continue her adventure?
        No, she needs to leave because of an event, the festival of tones.
Road Chaiyaphum-Chumphae:
    Sibling gives player the Dex to see which words Player learnt
Chumphae
    Festival of tones
        Lover accompanies Player and gives Player unlimited hints
    Rival wants to challenge Player. if Player doesn't have the words from Chumphae temple, he tells Player
        to get them first. At the end of the fight, Player get the map.
Kaset Sombum
Lomsak
Phetchabun
Phitsalunok
Chumsaeng
Nakhon Sawan
Buengsamphan
Dam
Back to Chumphae
Bua yai
Phon



Who is the enemy:
It could be:
- Demons/monsters
    They attack people at random?
- An evil world organisation that wants to destroy all languages?
- Normal mafia?
- An evil company that just wants more profit?
- A sect of magicians driven by power?
    They have magic powers because they know many words.
    When some people learn words, if they get noticed, they get targeted and undergo a brain-washing.
    They've been operating for 10 years, and they delete words.
    How do they delete words?
        They use a power called ลืม that make people forget.
        They just try to rule.
    The goal of the player is to teach it back to the villages where he goes, and defeat the evil-doers.
    To do so:
        wherever he goes, he teaches in school (for money!)
        He defeats magicians in duels of word knowing.
        Each time a magician is defeated, a letter is obtained.
    They all possess a naga pendant, where they store their spell. At some point, Player acquires one.
    They can be recognised just because they look evil.
    The first encounter with Enemy:
        ?
    How come some people still know words here and there?
    Well, simply because sometimes memories resurface, and then they teach each other.
    That's why the words seen in villages are known by everybody.

    It seems they undergo raid everywhere on the planet to erase the memories all the time.
    That's why the king of the organisation needs many people to help him.

    Player lost their memory?
        They were maybe a high ranking evil official before, and were saved by their friend there?
            Being blanked rather than punished by death?
        Then, player got back into the family






